# Sources

<body data-new-gr-c-s-check-loaded="14.1111.0" data-gr-ext-installed=""><pre><p style="text-align:left;">Works Cited</p></pre><pre>Crawford, Kate, et al. "The AI now report." <i>The Social and Economic Implications of Artificial </i></pre><pre>     <i>Intelligence Technologies in the Near-Term</i> (2016). </pre> <pre>Ford, Brody. "IBM to Pause Hiring for 'back-Office' Jobs That AI Could Kill." <i>Bloomberg.Com</i>, 1 May </pre><pre>     2023, www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2023-05-01/ </pre><pre>     ibm-to-pause-hiring-for-back-office-jobs-that-ai-could-kill#xj4y7vzkg. </pre> <pre>Larson, Chris. "Alphago Zero for the Win." <i>Today's Science</i>, Infobase, 1 Nov. 2017, tsof.infobase.com/ </pre><pre>     articles/QXJ0aWNsZVRleHQ6NTE4NA==. Accessed 17 May 2023. </pre> <pre>---. "Do We Need a Pause in Ai Research?" <i>Today's Science</i>, Infobase, 16 May 2023, tsof.infobase.com/ </pre><pre>     articles/QXJ0aWNsZVRleHQ6NDkyNDMwMQ==. Accessed 17 May 2023. </pre> <pre>Mentz, Cade, and Gregory Schmidt. "Elon Musk and Others Call for Pause on A.I., Citing 'Profound </pre><pre>     Risks to Society.'" <i>The New York Times</i> [New York City], 29 Mar. 2023. <i>The New York Times</i>, </pre><pre>     www.nytimes.com/2023/03/29/technology/ai-artificial-intelligence-musk-risks.html?smid=url-share. </pre><pre>     Accessed 22 Apr. 2023. </pre> <pre>"Pause Giant AI Experiments: An Open Letter." <i>Future of Life Institute</i>, 5 May 2023, futureoflife.org/ </pre><pre>     open-letter/pause-giant-ai-experiments/. </pre> <pre>Schardt, David. "ChatGPT is amazing. But beware its hallucinations!" <i>cspinet</i>, 20 Mar. 2023, </pre><pre>     www.cspinet.org/blog/chatgpt-amazing-beware-its-hallucinations. Accessed 24 May 2023. </pre> <pre>"Timeline of AI: a brief history of artificial intelligence it's highlights." <i>Ai.nl</i>, 21 Dec. 2021, </pre><pre>     www.ai.nl/artificial-intelligence/ </pre><pre>     timeline-of-ai-a-brief-history-of-artificial-intelligence-its-highlights/. Accessed 20 May </pre><pre>     2023. </pre> <pre>Yudkowsky, Eliezer. "Pausing AI Developments Isn't Enough. We Need to Shut it All Down." <i>Time</i>, 29 </pre><pre>     Mar. 2023, time.com/6266923/ai-eliezer-yudkowsky-open-letter-not-enough/. Accessed 9 Apr. 2023. </pre> </body>

<style scoped>pre{margin: 0; line-height: 2}</style>

##

Built with love by Declan with Vitepress